=======================
Contributing Guidelines
=======================

Syntribos is an open source project and contributions are always
welcome, if you have any questions, we can be found in the
#openstack-security channel on Freenode IRC.

1. Follow all the `OpenStack Style Guidelines <https://docs.openstack.org/hacking/latest/>`__
   (e.g. PEP8, Py3 compatibility)
2. All new classes/functions should have appropriate docstrings in
   `RST format <https://pythonhosted.org/an_example_pypi_project/sphinx.html>`__
3. All new code should have appropriate unittests (place them in the
   ``tests/unit`` folder)
4. Any change you make can be tested using tox:

::

    pip install tox
    tox -e pep8
    tox -e py27
    tox -e py35
    tox -e cover

Anyone wanting to contribute to OpenStack must follow
`the OpenStack development workflow <https://docs.openstack.org/infra/manual/developers.html#development-workflow>`__

All changes should be submitted through the code review process in Gerrit
described above. All pull requests on Github will be closed/ignored.

Bugs should be filed on the `syntribos launchpad site <https://bugs.launchpad.net/syntribos>`__,
and not on Github. All Github issues will be closed/ignored.

Breaking changes, feature requests, and other unprioritized work should first be
submitted as a blueprint `here <https://blueprints.launchpad.net/syntribos>`__
for review.


**Note:** README.rst is an auto generated file, from the rst files in the
docs directory. The file can be generated by running ``python readme.py``
from the ``syntribos/scripts`` directory. When the README needs to be
updated; modify the corresponding rst file in ``syntribos/doc/source``
and generate it by running the script.
